chore: remove usage for stats endpoint (#151082)
elastic/kibana: src/plugins/usage_collection/server/routes/stats/README.md

|:----------------|:-------------:|:------------|

> |`extended`|`false`|When `true`, it adds `clusterUuid` and `usage`. The latter contains the information reported by all the Usage Collectors registered in the Kibana server. It may throw `503 Stats not ready` if any of the collectors is not fully initialized yet.|
> |`legacy`|`false`|By default, when `extended=true`, the key names of the data in `usage` are transformed into API-friendlier `snake_case` format (i.e.: `clusterUuid` is transformed to `cluster_uuid`). When this parameter is `true`, the data is returned as-is.|

Author: ```suggestion
|`extended`|`false`|When `true`, it adds `clusterUuid` (Note: `usage` is never added anymore)|
|`legacy`|`false`|By default, when `extended=true`, the key names are transformed into API-friendlier `snake_case` format (i.e.: `clusterUuid` is transformed to `cluster_uuid`). When this parameter is `true`, the data is returned as-is.|
```

Reviewer: Good call! IMO, I'd remove the reference to usage entirely.

```suggestion
|`extended`|`false`|When `true`, it adds `clusterUuid`.|
|`legacy`|`false`|By default, when `extended=true`, the key names are transformed into API-friendlier `snake_case` format (i.e.: `clusterUuid` is transformed to `cluster_uuid`). When this parameter is `true`, the data is returned as-is.|
```

> |`exclude_usage`|`true`|When `true`, and `extended=true`, it will report `clusterUuid` but no `usage`.|

Author: ```suggestion
|`exclude_usage`|`true`|When `true`, and `extended=true`, it will report `clusterUuid` but no `usage`. (Note: even if set to `false`, Kibana dismisses the parameter and acts as if it's always true) | 
```

Reviewer: Good call! Thank you for pointing it out!
